responses/08_graceful-exit.md, before:

# Nice Work

![celebrate](https://octodex.github.com/images/Professortocat_v2.png)

Congratulations @{{ user.username }}, you've completed this course! :tada:

## What went well

Before I say good-bye, I want to recap all the tasks you've accomplished. You:

- Learned what to do with an empty repo on GitHub :sparkles:
- Created a .gitignore and removed bulky binaries
- Used your favorite local tools to push existing code
- Set your code up in a GitHub repository :fireworks:

## What's Next?

Now that you've moved your Git repository to GitHub, managing your repository is the next step you'll probably want to take. Join the [Community Starter Kit]({{ host }}/courses/community-starter-kit) course to learn how to invite collaborators, setup integrations, add documentation, and define several important settings and features.

There's so much more you can do with GitHub, and you have a solid start. Now...[what will you learn next]({{ host }}/courses)?

<hr>
<h3 align="center">I won't respond to this issue, just close it when you are done!</h3>

Commit message:

steal next steps from migrating

responses/08_graceful-exit.md, after:

# Nice Work

![celebrate](https://octodex.github.com/images/Professortocat_v2.png)

Congratulations @{{ user.username }}, you've completed this course! :tada:

## What went well

Before I say good-bye, I want to recap all the tasks you've accomplished. You:

- Learned what to do with an empty repo on GitHub :sparkles:
- Created a .gitignore and removed bulky binaries
- Used your favorite local tools to push existing code
- Set your code up in a GitHub repository :fireworks:

## What's Next?

Now that you've moved your Git repository to GitHub, managing your repository and adding collaborators are common next steps. Here are some recommended courses we think you might be interested in:

[Community Starter Kit]({{ host }}/courses/community-starter-kit)
Hosting a project on GitHub enables you to share your work with millions of other developers. This course will walk you through the different items you can add to your repository to welcome new contributors and make it easier for them to report issues, suggest new features, or potentially submit a pull request!

[Protected Branches and CODEOWNERS]({{ host }}/courses/protected-branches-codeowners)
Now that you have a repository on GitHub learn about two features of the Settings tab that protect your deployed code. 

There's so much more you can do with GitHub, and you have a solid start. Now...[what will you learn next]({{ host }}/courses)?

<hr>
<h3 align="center">I won't respond to this issue, just close it when you are done!</h3>
