outline.md, before:

## Uploading Your Project to GitHub

This README contains the course flow for the "Uploading your project to GitHub" course:

### User Registration

- On registration, create an empty repository called `new-project`
- Repository should include `Welcome, check out the issues tab for next steps` in the description field

###  Before

- Open the first issue using the text from `responses/01_make-a-plan.md` with the title "Planning the Move to GitHub"

### Activity 1: Plan the Move
- Activity 1 concludes when the learner closes the issue

### Activity 2: Prepare the Project
- Issue generated by app using text in `responses/04_prepare.md` with the title "Preparing the project for Git"
- This issue remains open until the push. On the first push (or import) the app will look for a .gitignore and then close this issue
- Issue generated by the app using the text in `responses/05_move-local.md` with the title "Uploading your project"

### Activity 3: Make the Move

- Activity 3 listens for when the student pushes content to the repository
- **App response:** Use the text in `responses/06_move-done-local.md`, close the issue and open next issue
- Issue generated by app using the text in `responses/07_confirm-visibility.md` with the title "Public or private repository?"

### Activity 4: Confirm Visibility

- Activity 4 concludes when the student closes the issue

### Activity 5: Saying Goodbye

After Activity 4 is complete, the app should open a new issue using the text in `responses/08_graceful-exit.md` with the title "A few parting words"

Commit message:

Update outline to reflect open issue bot response

outline.md, after:

## Uploading Your Project to GitHub

This README contains the course flow for the "Uploading your project to GitHub" course:

### User Registration

- On registration, create an empty repository called `new-project`
- Repository should include `Welcome, check out the issues tab for next steps` in the description field

###  Before

- Open the first issue using the text from `responses/01_make-a-plan.md` with the title "Planning the Move to GitHub"

### Activity 1: Plan the Move

- Activity 1 concludes when the learner closes the issue
- **App response:** Use the text in `responses/02_next.md` to reference the link to the next issue
- Issue generated by app using text in `responses/04_prepare.md` with the title "Preparing the project for Git"

### Activity 2: Prepare the Project

- Activity 2 concludes when the learner closes the issue
- **App response:** Use the text in `responses/02_next.md` to reference the link to the next issue
- Issue generated by the app using the text in `responses/05_move-local.md` with the title "Uploading your project"

### Activity 3: Make the Move

- Activity 3 listens for when the student pushes content to the repository
- **App response:** Use the text in `responses/06_move-done-local.md`, close the issue and open next issue
- Issue generated by app using the text in `responses/07_confirm-visibility.md` with the title "Public or private repository?"

### Activity 4: Confirm Visibility

- Activity 4 concludes when the student closes the issue

### Activity 5: Saying Goodbye

After Activity 4 is complete, the app should open a new issue using the text in `responses/08_graceful-exit.md` with the title "A few parting words"
